these Canon arpeggios are just following
the chord progression of Canon so we're
starting with a D major arpeggio here
and have the index finger flat on and
10th frets of the ENB strings the pinky
is gonna do a pull off from the 14th
fret of the high E string upstroke on
the pick there or down if you want and
they were to play the 10th fret of the B
then the 11th fret of the G then we just
go back down on the picking pattern here
hop up down down down sweet picking or
up up up down down
the picking patterns are same for all
these arpeggios so d major one two three
one two three one two three one two
three now we're into the next chord in
canon which is a major and for that
we're gonna go to the twelfth fret and
pull off to the ninth fret on the E
string and tenth fret on B ninth fret on
g the next chord is a B minor chord and
for that one we're gonna pull off from
the tenth fret to the seventh fret on
the E string then the index finger has
to be flat here on the e b and g strings
the next chord is going to be F sharp
minor and for that when I do a pull off
from the ninth fret to the fifth fret on
the e-string
and we're gonna play the seventh fret on
B sixth fret on g F sharp minor right
there now the next chord is G major and
the index finger goes flat on the third
fret of the E and B strings pull off
from the seventh fret to the third fret
on the E string and third fret of B
fourth fret of G
and in the intro video there I play this
GA once and then I move up to another G
shape which is at the tenth fret of the
E string pulling off to the seventh fret
and then the eighth fret of B and the
seventh fret of G so here we have the G
down here then the G up here now we're
gonna do the same thing now with the
next chord which is a D chord another D
chord same shape as before fourteenth
fret pulling off to the tenth fret and
11th fret of G instead of playing this
twice we're gonna play the next higher
up arpeggio which is 17th fret of the E
string pulling off to 14th fret and 15th
fret of B 14th fret of G so there's
those two DS mixed together there
and now we're gonna play a G chord
higher up here now pulling off from the
19th fret to the 15th fret on the E
string and 15th fret on B 16th fret on g
let me play this twice and this is again
a G arpeggio here and it's the same
shape as the one down here now we've
made it all the way back up here
we finish off here with an a major shape
and a major arpeggio and to do that one
we're gonna pull off from the 17th fret
to the 12th fret and then we're gonna
play the 14th fret on B and then 14th
fret on g then B again and then back to
G again and then we do that same thing
now starting on the 14th fret of D to
the 14th fret of G I'm an end on the
twelfth fret of the a string and a note
so that last pattern again
sometimes you might want to get that
ring finger across all three strings
here to make you sound a bit smoother
there
here we go slowly one more time starting
with a D chord then the a chord a B
minor chord
f sharp minor chord G chord moving up to
a high of G chord D chord again moving
up to a higher D chord G chord finishing
off with an a major arpeggio